to ten years of life and two generations
behind you, the bmw serie 1 changes its face but
don't distort the basic idea
let's say he refines his forms in
waiting for the true revolution that
we will see with the third generation where
the last compact rear-wheel drive
it will change skin and soul entirely by going
to comply with the platform a
front-wheel drive series 2 active
tourer but for now let's relax with
this restyling because according to the
technicians
we will still have some time for
get used to the idea of ​​driving pleasure a
part the new series 1 shows up with
a more sporty and dynamic species line
in the front enriched by the groups
LED optics is renewed well increasing
but the aspect of dynamics and sportiness
but keeping what is the soul of
series 1 then and also reconnects to the
first born in 2004 it was a success
worldwide it is so true that more
of two million exempt been sold
all over the world and also in Italy plus
of 112 thousand cars
to make it unique there are four lines
customization including
sportivissima m sports and even the
interiors are more refined with a
wider monitor and the system of
standard hydraulic control under the bonnet
three four-cylinder petrol engine e
diesel with the new entry of the turbodiesel
three- cylinder 116-horsepower mounted
on the credited 116d of a consumption
average of only 34 trendy every 100 km ed
89 grams per km of co2 emissions
in short, here is how to transform a
aggressive Bavarian sportswoman in one
ultra small-town utility vehicle allowing
performance maybe a little less
brilliants of the usual standard to which
we are used to a bmw but with
ridiculous consumption for those who want the top
performance driving pleasure but
also consumption and price can think
instead to the 135th m and its three 126
horses